Privacy Statement
×
1.Karnataka State Remote Sensing Applications Centre has built this Application as a free application for users.This Application is provided by Karnataka State Remote Sensing Applications Centre at no cost and is intended for use as is.Under no circumstances data will be used for any commercial purposes by anyone.
2.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service:
3.	If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy
4.	Information Collection and Use 
For a better user experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, Mobile Number, Address, Gender and G.P.S Location. The information that we collect will be retained by us in the servers located in our premises in India and managed by us and will be used as described in this document
5.	The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Google Play Services
Firebase
Visual Studio App Center
Fabric
6.	Log Data 
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data is anonymous and may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics
7.	Cookies 
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
8.	Service Providers 
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:•	To facilitate our Service;•	To provide the Service on our behalf;•	To perform Service-related services; or•	To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
9.	We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information with our consent. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
10.	Security 
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it and also comply with mandatory government regulations. But users are requested to note that information over internet can be prone for compromises, on occasions, various cyber security measures.
11.	Links to Other Sites 
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
12.	Children’s Privacy 
These Services do not specifically address any underage children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. If on being notified or detected that a child has provided us with personal information, we will remove the data. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take necessary actions.
13.	Changes to this Privacy Policy 
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
14.	Contact Us 
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.Email : kgissupport@ksrsac.in